The Slack handles for your team members so we can contact you
Chloe Crelia
Julia Ouritskaya
Pedro Pagani 
Samantha Margolin 
Shanmuga Vel 

Link to hosted project and/ or codebase (or designs if applicable)


A description of your project (including any technical details)
We designed a a weclome to boston webpage which has 4 different catagories, eat, shop, explore and fun. The user can navigate through the site and discover local activites, 
resturants, and places to visit. As we are begninner programmers in HTML,PHP, and CSS we focused on learning the languages through the modification of preexisiting webpage templates.


The process you went through during the weekend (ex. any challenges)
We first started by brainstorming what areas we wanted to work on and wrote all of our ideas on a whiteboard. We found a common themes in all of our ideas 
that they were focused on sustanability and we wanted to take a list based focus. We decided on our idea the first day to create a welcome to Boston website. 
On day two we created a template for our webpage and each worked on a part of the website. All of the buisnees and locations we prompt on the site are
sustainable in one way or another. For resturants we chose local buisneess that highlight recycling, supperoting the community, and sourcing ehtically. 

What you learned this weekend
In addtion to finding great camansionship, we learend how to use html and php to build a webpage. By referieng a temaplate and modifying it to fit our
dream webpage it helped us learn the syntax. Addtionally, through debugging our code we learned how to work as a team to solve problems and locate errors. 

Any future goals or next steps for the project:
We would like to add more user interativity to the webpage, such as an path to susitnabale Boston activites. To do this we want to create a feature that 
allows users to to create a wishlist of places they want to vist, and save those places to a running list. Going off of this users would be able to personalize
the site by signing in so the data can be saved for each user. Ideally, users could use the site like a bucket list, where they want to go, and where they have
been. Addtionally, we throught of adding a map so that users could pin where they have been, taking into account the coorinates and automatically placing the
pin on the map. 

Another one of our ideas is to have users click through options inthe format below to get sucgesstions on what to.
  What do you want to do? Eat, Shop, Explore and an Activity 
    What season would you like to travel?
      What area would you like to travel to? 
     
     

Reserve things through the site 
Sustinable focus 
Everything under a well detailed format 

